Add plotting tutorials to the main tutorials branch (#1903)
ansys/pydpf-core: doc/source/user_guide/tutorials/plot/index.rst

    :margin: 2

    .. grid-item-card:: Plotting meshes
       :link: ref_tutorials_plotting_meshes
       :link-type: ref
       :text-align: center

       This tutorial shows different plotting commands to plot a bare mesh

    .. grid-item-card:: Plotting deformed meshes
       :link: ref_tutorials_plotting_deformed_meshes
       :link-type: ref
       :text-align: center

       This tutorial shows different plotting commands to plot a bare deformed mesh

    .. grid-item-card:: Plotting data on the mesh
       :link: ref_plotting_data_on_the_mesh
       :link-type: ref
       :text-align: center

       This tutorial explains how to plot data on its supporting mesh by
       different approaches.

    .. grid-item-card:: Plotting data on the deformed mesh
       :link: ref_plotting_data_on_deformed_mesh
       :link-type: ref
       :text-align: center

       This tutorial explains how to plot data on its supporting deformed mesh.

>     .. grid-item-card:: Plotting data on a path

Author: ```suggestion
    .. grid-item-card:: Plot data on custom path
```

>        :link: ref_plotting_data_on_specific_path

Author: ```suggestion
       :link: ref_plotting_data_on_custom_path
```

       :link-type: ref
       :text-align: center

>        This tutorial shows how to plot data on a specific path of a
>        mesh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       This tutorial shows how to plot data on custom path
```

>     .. grid-item-card:: Plotting data on geometry elements
>        :link: ref_plotting_data_on_geometry_elements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .. grid-item-card:: Plot data on custom geometry
       :link: ref_plot_data_on_custom_geometry
```

       :link-type: ref
       :text-align: center

>        This tutorial shows how to plot data on geometry elements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       This tutorial shows how to plot data on custom geometry objects
```
